Hi, this was an interesting task!
I've added comments into the code to explain my reasoning for various decisions (especially efficiency Vs readability trade offs), which may be clearer.

However, to explain my thinking on a more general overview this is where I'm coming from:

A major issue with the original code was the way the update function had lots of nested conditions and hard coded values.
This meant that to change the logic for any specific item, you had to change the code for the update function which is a violation of the open closed principle and also makes it difficult to change without breaking things.
The if statements being so nested also made it very difficult to read.

In the requirements, I noticed that each of the "items" were actually exactly the same but their logic was different, so they were more like item types despite the name of some.

I wanted to get away from the hardcoded names too, so I didn't want to have to check for the name of the item in the code to determine what logic to run.
The requirements said that I couldn't modify the item class or properties but it didn't say anything about extending it, so I thought it would be better to have a separate class for each item type.
This way, I could create a handler for each type and create a resolver which selected the appropriate handler item's type.
I used dependency injection to inject the handlers into the resolver so that it was easier to add new handlers in the future without having to change any existing code.

I decided to break them up into the following types/categories:
	StandardItem
	MaturableItem
	LegendaryItem
	BackstagePassItem
	ConjuredItem

Most of them match the name, but Brie limits the type to more of a product and I wanted them to be able to make use of the logic for other items (as it seems likely). 
I was going to go with CheeseItem at first, but thought they could apply it to wines and ales (or other maturable things) without changing any of the code if I made the type even more general.
This will allow them to expand their product range without having to change any of the existing code.

I used principles from domain driven design to make it easier for the restaurant to understand the code and find what they need, despite the added complexity.

I chose to use a settings file to store certain values, as some of the requirements were like "quality decreases 2x a normal item". With this in mind, I wanted to define a baseline of what a normal default increment looks like rather than hard coding values, as it would become easy to accidentally break that requirement by changing hardcoded values without it.
It also allows someone to make a change without having to recompile everything.

The item types above all inhreited from the original item class so I didn't have to modify the item class as per requirements. I did however, move the file to a different directory / namespace to keep things organised.
I didn't count this as changing the class, as the namespace is defined before the "public class. . ." and I wasn't changing any contents within those brackets.
I wasn't 100% sure if that would be breaking the requirement though.

The newly changed code allows adding items very easily, without touching any of the existing logic. They just have to add a new class which implements the handler contract and register it in DI for the resolver to pick it up.

I made the unit testing project follow the same structure as the main project to make it easier to find the relevant tests for each class and to keep things organised.
I also used the same naming convention for the test classes and methods to make it clear what they were testing.
By separating it out into different classes, it also makes it easier to read the method names because they don't have to be so long.

Improvements:
A few things I also noticed which I haven't had chance to implement is that there is no way to add or remove items without changing the code, so I would have liked to implement a database to store the items and their properties, but this would have involved adding an ItemID to the class which I'm not allowed to do as per requirements.
I could have used entity framework with localdb and created a loop in the GildedRose class to display a menu, allowing them to add and remove items that would persist in a database.
I suggested localdb because this application will likely be run on a local machine and having a database will remove the need for them to modify an in-code list to add new items.

Also... Formatting the output table may be useful as it's currently difficult to read. I spaced it a bit but this could be improved further by implementing a proper table structure.

Do they actually need to see each iteration or could they just see the latest (or page by page)? I think that's beyond the scope of the exercise though.